This README is identical for Lab 2 and Lab 3, since Lab 2 is a strict subset of
Lab 3. For Lab 2, ignore demux.

My work is divided between "reliable.c", "bq.[c|h]". 

"bq.[c|h]" is a buffer queue implementation, providing a memory abstraction of
an infinite strip buffer, where I can insert and get elements at any point along
the strip. Since sliding-window (and its subset stop-and-wait) only use a
certain "window" on the infinite strip at a time, this is possible by modulo
indexing into a fixed chunk of memory. For more detailed information (and some
ascii art), see "bq.h".

Armed with the abstractions provided by "bq.[c|h]", I've implemented
sliding-window (and hence stop-and-wait) with two buffer queues: 

 - the first buffer is for packets read in, and either waiting to be sent or 
waiting to be ack'd.  

 - the second buffer is for packets receivied, and waiting to be printed, so that 
they can be ack'd.

---------------
Receiving:
---------------

Illustration of the queue:

                      |-------------
                    1 | (unreachable) printed
                      |-------------
           ackno -> 2 | (bq head) Received, half printed, not ack'd
                      |-------------
                    3 | Received, not printed, not ack'd
                      |-------------
                    4 | Not yet received
                      |-------------
                    5 | (bq tail) Not yet received
                      |-------------
                    6 | (unreachable) Out of window
                      |-------------

With a queue abstraction I don't need to explicitly know which packets are
within my receive window, because my buffer queue will just drop packets that I
attempt to insert out of bounds. Reading packets out in order also isn't a
problem, because I simply read the head of queue when it's available, and ack
after I read. This means head-of-line blocking (and hence self-clocking) is
implicit in the design, and doesn't need an explicit mechanism. I discuss acks
in the next section.

---------------
Sending:
---------------

Illustration of the queue:

                      |-------------
                    1 | (unreachable) ack'd
                      |-------------
           ackno -> 2 | (bq head) Sent, not ack'd
                      |-------------
                    3 | Sent, not ack'd
                      |-------------
  ackno + window -> 3 | Sent, not ack'd
                      |-------------
extra send buffer-> 5 | (bq tail) Read, not sent
                      |-------------
                    6 | (unreachable) out of buffer space
                      |-------------

My send queue holds structs that contain packets with meta data about the last
time they were sent. When I receive an ack, I move the head of the send queue up
to the ackno, because I'll never need the packets below ackno again. That way I
can cleanly reclaim memory without using system calls, by just readjusting a
pointer and book-keeping about which slots have valid contents. It also means
that all packets within |window size| of my send buffer's head are fair game to
be sent across the network, and are checked by rel_timer. If the queue ever
fills all the way up, I double the size of the buffer, so as long as you have
memory in the system, you should be able to pipe a very large file across the
network without issue.

--------------- 
Connection Teardown: 
---------------

I keep state about having written an EOF to output (which implies receiving an
EOF and priting all available packets) and whether I've read an EOF from input.
Every time either of these values change, or I receive an ack, I check if I've
printed an EOF and read an EOF from input, and that I have acks for all
outstanding packets. If all conditions are met, I rel_destroy the offending
rel_t. This is executed aggressively on receiving an ack and reading an EOF, so
if an action causes all conditions to be met, even if I could send more packets,
    I kill the rel_t instead.

--------------- 
TCP Nagle: 
---------------

I keep state about the seqno of an outstanding packet that is smaller than full
size. If that value is non-zero, I don't send any packets with a different seqno
that are smaller than full size. If I receive an ack where ackno > nagle_seqno,
then nagle_seqno = 0. I don't bother coalescing small packets together, because
I'd rather the system works slowly and simply than is efficient and complicated.

--------------- 
Demux: 
---------------

I just keep a sockaddr_storage in all my rel_t's (in server mode), and whenever
I receive a new packet, I walk the linked list of rel_t's until I find a
matching sockaddr_storage. If I don't find one, I allocate a new rel_t.
